README.md, before:

# Rapidly build reliable and fast web agents

<div align="center">
  <p>
    The web agent built for <strong>speed</strong>, <strong>cost-efficiency</strong>, <strong>scale</strong>, and <strong>reliability</strong> <br/>
    → Read more at: <a href="https://github.com/nottelabs/open-operator-evals" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">open-operator-evals</a> • <a href="https://x.com/nottecore?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">X</a> • <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/nottelabsinc/?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">LinkedIn</a> • <a href="https://notte.cc?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Landing</a> • <a href="https://console.notte.cc/?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Console</a>
  </p>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/logo/bgd.png" alt="Notte Logo" width="100%">
</p>

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nottelabs/notte?style=social)](https://github.com/nottelabs/notte/stargazers)
[![License: SSPL-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-SSPL%201.0-blue.svg)](https://spdx.org/licenses/SSPL-1.0.html)
[![Python 3.11+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.11+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/notte?color=blue)](https://pypi.org/project/notte/)
[![PyPI Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/notte?color=blue)](https://pepy.tech/projects/notte)
[![commits main](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/nottelabs/notte?color=blue)](https://github.com/nottelabs/notte/commits/main)
![CodeRabbit Pull Request Reviews](https://img.shields.io/coderabbit/prs/github/nottelabs/notte)
[![Open Replit Template](https://replit.com/badge/github/@steel-dev/steel-playwright-starter)](https://replit.com/@andreakiro/notte-python-agent-starter)
<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/products/notte" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=671911&theme=light&t=1748531689502" alt="Notte - Product Hunt" style="width: 150px; height: 32px;" width="150" height="32" /></a>

---

# What is Notte?

Notte provides all the essential tools for building and deploying AI agents that interact seamlessly with the web.

Our full-stack web AI agents framework allows you to develop, deploy, and scale your own agents, all with a single API. Transform websites into agent-friendly, structured, navigable maps described in natural language. Read more in our documentation [here](https://docs.notte.cc) 🔥

### Key features

- **[Browser Sessions](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/sessions)** → on-demand headless browser instances, built in & custom proxy config, CDP, cookie integration, session replay
- **[Run automated LLM-powered agents](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/agents)** → solve complex tasks on the web
- **[Page interactions](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/page_interactions)** → observe website states and execute actions using intuitive natural language commands — granular control while maintaining the simplicity of natural language interaction
- **[Secrets Vault](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/vault)** → enterprise-grade credential management for your Sessions & Agents

# Quickstart me

We provide an easy to use API with our hosted version.

To run the above you'll need to sign up on the [notte console](https://console.notte.cc) and create a free notte API key 🔑

```bash
uv venv --python 3.11
source .venv/bin/activate
uv pip install notte-sdk
```

And spin up your crazy cool and dead simple agent on our remote machine:

```python
import os
from notte_sdk import NotteClient

client = NotteClient(api_key=os.getenv("NOTTE_API_KEY"))

with client.Session(headless=False) as session:
    agent = client.Agent(reasoning_model="gemini/gemini-2.0-flash", max_steps=5, session=session)
    response = agent.run(task="doom scroll cat memes on google images")
```

---

# 🔥 Build Powerful Web Agents

Notte is composed of 3 main components that can be combined to build your own agentic system: `notte.Session`, `notte.Vault` and `notte.Agent`.

You can use the `notte.Session` to create a browser session with different stealth configurations (i.e browser types, proxies, captcha, etc), the `notte.Vault` to store your credentials and the `notte.Agent` to run your agent.

Here is an example of how to use these components together along with structured output:

```python
from notte_sdk import NotteClient
from pydantic import BaseModel

class TwitterPost(BaseModel):
    url: str

notte = NotteClient()
with notte.Vault() as vault, notte.Session(headless=False, proxies=False, browser_type="chrome") as session:
    vault.add_credentials(
        url="https://x.com",
        username="your-email",
        password="your-password",
    )
    agent = notte.Agent(session=session, vault=vault, max_steps=10)
    response = agent.run(
      task="go to twitter and post: new era this is @nottecore taking over my acc. Return the post url.",
      response_format=TwitterPost,
    )
print(response.answer)
```

# Demos

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/gifs/v1.gif" alt="Demo" width="100%" href="https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1892967963344461824/pu/vid/avc1/1282x720/15sCfmmUUcAtBZaR.mp4">
</p>

# Highlights ✨

We introduce a perception layer that transforms websites into structured, natural-language maps. This reduces parsing complexity, making it easier for LLMs to understand and act on web content.

The result: lower cognitive load, better accuracy, and support for smaller, faster models—cutting both inference time and production costs.

# Benchmarks

| Rank | Provider                                                    | Agent Self-Report | LLM Evaluation | Time per Task | Task Reliability |
| ---- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- | ------------- | ---------------- |
| 🏆   | [Notte](https://github.com/nottelabs/notte)                 | **86.2%**         | **79.0%**      | **47s**       | **96.6%**        |
| 2️⃣   | [Browser-Use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use)   | 77.3%             | 60.2%          | 113s          | 83.3%            |
| 3️⃣   | [Convergence](https://github.com/convergence-ai/proxy-lite) | 38.4%             | 31.4%          | 83s           | 50%              |

Read the full story here: [https://github.com/nottelabs/open-operator-evals](https://github.com/nottelabs/open-operator-evals)

# A full stack framework

Notte's full stack agentic internet framework combines core browser infrastructure (sessions, live replay, cdp) with intelligent browsing agents, bridged and enhanced with our perception layer. Our entire codebase is made to be highly customizable, ready to integrate other devtools from the ecosystem and packaged to be push to prod. We also provide web scripting capabilities and sota scraping endpoints out of the box, because why not.

### Unstable and upcoming features

⏭️ We have either already partially shipped or are working on the following features: captcha resolution, residential proxies, web security, vpn-style browsing, authentication and payments with secure safe, improved speed and memory, human-in-the-loop integration, channeled notifications, and cookies management.

# Run in local mode

You will need to install the dependencies and bring your own keys:

```bash
uv venv --python 3.11
source .venv/bin/activate
uv pip install notte
uv run patchright install --with-deps chromium
```

Then add your LLM provider API keys in a `.env`

```python
import notte

with notte.Session(headless=False) as session:
    agent = notte.Agent(reasoning_model="gemini/gemini-2.0-flash", max_steps=5, session=session)
    response = agent.run(task="doom scroll cat memes on google images")
```

# Contribute

Setup your local working environment;

```bash
uv sync --all-extras --dev
uv run patchright install --with-deps chromium
uv run pre-commit install
```

Find an issue, fork, open a PR, and merge :)

# License

This project is licensed under the Server Side Public License v1.
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

# Citation

If you use notte in your research or project, please cite:

```bibtex
@software{notte2025,
  author = {Pinto, Andrea and Giordano, Lucas and {nottelabs-team}},
  title = {Notte: Software suite for internet-native agentic systems},
  url = {https://github.com/nottelabs/notte},
  year = {2025},
  publisher = {GitHub},
  license = {SSPL-1.0}
  version = {1.4.4},
}
```

Copyright © 2025 Notte Labs, Inc.

Commit message:

Shell script for easy quickstart
Adds a quickstart shell script that pulls quickstart.py example and runs it. Interactive selecting for max_steps and reasoning_model in the command line output of shell script.
Todo: make shell output prettier, consider cleaner way to run the example

README.md, after:

# Rapidly build reliable and fast web agents

<div align="center">
  <p>
    The web agent built for <strong>speed</strong>, <strong>cost-efficiency</strong>, <strong>scale</strong>, and <strong>reliability</strong> <br/>
    → Read more at: <a href="https://github.com/nottelabs/open-operator-evals" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">open-operator-evals</a> • <a href="https://x.com/nottecore?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">X</a> • <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/nottelabsinc/?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">LinkedIn</a> • <a href="https://notte.cc?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Landing</a> • <a href="https://console.notte.cc/?ref=github" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Console</a>
  </p>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/logo/bgd.png" alt="Notte Logo" width="100%">
</p>

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nottelabs/notte?style=social)](https://github.com/nottelabs/notte/stargazers)
[![License: SSPL-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-SSPL%201.0-blue.svg)](https://spdx.org/licenses/SSPL-1.0.html)
[![Python 3.11+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.11+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/notte?color=blue)](https://pypi.org/project/notte/)
[![PyPI Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/notte?color=blue)](https://pepy.tech/projects/notte)
[![commits main](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/nottelabs/notte?color=blue)](https://github.com/nottelabs/notte/commits/main)
![CodeRabbit Pull Request Reviews](https://img.shields.io/coderabbit/prs/github/nottelabs/notte)
[![Open Replit Template](https://replit.com/badge/github/@steel-dev/steel-playwright-starter)](https://replit.com/@andreakiro/notte-python-agent-starter)
<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/products/notte" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=671911&theme=light&t=1748531689502" alt="Notte - Product Hunt" style="width: 150px; height: 32px;" width="150" height="32" /></a>

---

# What is Notte?

Notte provides all the essential tools for building and deploying AI agents that interact seamlessly with the web.

Our full-stack web AI agents framework allows you to develop, deploy, and scale your own agents, all with a single API. Transform websites into agent-friendly, structured, navigable maps described in natural language. Read more in our documentation [here](https://docs.notte.cc) 🔥

### Key features

- **[Browser Sessions](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/sessions)** → on-demand headless browser instances, built in & custom proxy config, CDP, cookie integration, session replay
- **[Run automated LLM-powered agents](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/agents)** → solve complex tasks on the web
- **[Page interactions](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/page_interactions)** → observe website states and execute actions using intuitive natural language commands — granular control while maintaining the simplicity of natural language interaction
- **[Secrets Vault](https://docs.notte.cc/side/fullstack/vault)** → enterprise-grade credential management for your Sessions & Agents

# Quickstart

We provide an effortless hosted API.

To run the agent you'll need to sign up on the [notte console](https://console.notte.cc), create a free notte API key 🔑, and add `NOTTE_API_KEY` as an environment variable. Make sure you have `uv` installed. Then, just run the script below!

```bash
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nottelabs/notte/main/quickstart.sh | bash
```


---

# 🔥 Build Powerful Web Agents

Notte is composed of 3 main components that can be combined to build your own agentic system: `notte.Session`, `notte.Vault` and `notte.Agent`.

You can use the `notte.Session` to create a browser session with different stealth configurations (i.e browser types, proxies, captcha, etc), the `notte.Vault` to store your credentials and the `notte.Agent` to run your agent.

Here is an example of how to use these components together along with structured output:

```python
from notte_sdk import NotteClient
from pydantic import BaseModel

class TwitterPost(BaseModel):
    url: str

notte = NotteClient()
with notte.Vault() as vault, notte.Session(headless=False, proxies=False, browser_type="chrome") as session:
    vault.add_credentials(
        url="https://x.com",
        username="your-email",
        password="your-password",
    )
    agent = notte.Agent(session=session, vault=vault, max_steps=10)
    response = agent.run(
      task="go to twitter and post: new era this is @nottecore taking over my acc. Return the post url.",
      response_format=TwitterPost,
    )
print(response.answer)
```

# Demos

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/gifs/v1.gif" alt="Demo" width="100%" href="https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1892967963344461824/pu/vid/avc1/1282x720/15sCfmmUUcAtBZaR.mp4">
</p>

# Highlights ✨

We introduce a perception layer that transforms websites into structured, natural-language maps. This reduces parsing complexity, making it easier for LLMs to understand and act on web content.

The result: lower cognitive load, better accuracy, and support for smaller, faster models—cutting both inference time and production costs.

# Benchmarks

| Rank | Provider                                                    | Agent Self-Report | LLM Evaluation | Time per Task | Task Reliability |
| ---- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- | ------------- | ---------------- |
| 🏆   | [Notte](https://github.com/nottelabs/notte)                 | **86.2%**         | **79.0%**      | **47s**       | **96.6%**        |
| 2️⃣   | [Browser-Use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use)   | 77.3%             | 60.2%          | 113s          | 83.3%            |
| 3️⃣   | [Convergence](https://github.com/convergence-ai/proxy-lite) | 38.4%             | 31.4%          | 83s           | 50%              |

Read the full story here: [https://github.com/nottelabs/open-operator-evals](https://github.com/nottelabs/open-operator-evals)

# A full stack framework

Notte's full stack agentic internet framework combines core browser infrastructure (sessions, live replay, cdp) with intelligent browsing agents, bridged and enhanced with our perception layer. Our entire codebase is made to be highly customizable, ready to integrate other devtools from the ecosystem and packaged to be push to prod. We also provide web scripting capabilities and sota scraping endpoints out of the box, because why not.

### Unstable and upcoming features

⏭️ We have either already partially shipped or are working on the following features: captcha resolution, residential proxies, web security, vpn-style browsing, authentication and payments with secure safe, improved speed and memory, human-in-the-loop integration, channeled notifications, and cookies management.

# Run in local mode

You will need to install the dependencies and bring your own keys:

```bash
uv venv --python 3.11
source .venv/bin/activate
uv pip install notte
uv run patchright install --with-deps chromium
```

Then add your LLM provider API keys in a `.env`

```python
import notte

with notte.Session(headless=False) as session:
    agent = notte.Agent(reasoning_model="gemini/gemini-2.0-flash", max_steps=5, session=session)
    response = agent.run(task="doom scroll cat memes on google images")
```

# Contribute

Setup your local working environment;

```bash
uv sync --all-extras --dev
uv run patchright install --with-deps chromium
uv run pre-commit install
```

Find an issue, fork, open a PR, and merge :)

# License

This project is licensed under the Server Side Public License v1.
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

# Citation

If you use notte in your research or project, please cite:

```bibtex
@software{notte2025,
  author = {Pinto, Andrea and Giordano, Lucas and {nottelabs-team}},
  title = {Notte: Software suite for internet-native agentic systems},
  url = {https://github.com/nottelabs/notte},
  year = {2025},
  publisher = {GitHub},
  license = {SSPL-1.0}
  version = {1.4.4},
}
```

Copyright © 2025 Notte Labs, Inc.
